---
title: 'Summary'
layout: post
date: 2021-02-10
image: false
headerImage: false
tag:
- Summary
- Lockdown
- Progress
- Growth
- Project
category: blog
author: HarrisonTilley
description: Blog Entry
---

# What I've been up to...

I've been up to plenty of stuff whilst on lockdown, so I thought I would summarise what I've been up to before I post some regular updates.

- Submitted my MSc dissertation.

The first thing I did in lockdown was to turn in my dissertation to complete my Data Sciences Masters degree. It's been a long time in the making, and although it wasn't perfect, I'm happy to have finally completed it.

- Set up and started regularly using my GitHub account.

I've had a GitHub account for a while, but I never really knew how to use it. So when lockdown came around, it seemed like the perfect time to get into it. It also allows me to start sharing and building on my projects.

- Built this GitHub page.

This is something I only recently became aware of. But with university finished, it seemed an excellent way to convey my project work. And it allowed me to start this blog I'm writing.

- Started a project on Formula 1.

Formula 1 (F1) is one of my passions. I watch live races and highlights all the time, so I thought it would be exciting exploring the data behind it. The project itself is still in progress, so I will regularly post updates on my GitHub and of course, this blog.

- Learnt how to scrape the web for data

One of the first things I needed to do for my F1 project was to acquire some data. Some of it was reasonably easy to get, but others need to be scraped from the web. So I went on Datacamp, which I regularly use to learn new stuff and began to learn how to scrape data. After a few days, I had what I needed to know and successfully scrape the data I needed. The results of my labours are in the F1 directory on GitHub.

- Refreshed my R Shiny knowledge

Most recently, along with building this site, I realised that I wanted to show my projects' visualisations. All the images for my projects on here will be static, but I can link to other places that can show interactive visualisations. One site I'm interested in is observable, which would fit the bill; however, it uses javascript, which would take time to learn and delay adding the content. I then came across the shiny apps site, allowing me to show interactive visuals, but using R shiny. Although I have used R Shiny in the past, I don't regularly use it, so I need a refresher. So I'm currently refreshing my R Shiny knowledge using Datacamp. Once I'm fully restored, I'll start converting my R charts into Shiny apps and linking them here. Although judging by the end product, I might still learn Javascript anyway to produce better visuals.

So that's mostly what I've been up to, I'll post more updates on my progress later, bye for now.



