---
title: "Clouding It Up"
layout: post
date: 2021-02-22
image: /assets/images/markdown.jpg
headerImage: false
tag:
- Cloud
- Google
- Key Skills
- Projects
- Databricks
star: true
category: blog
author: Harrison Tilley
description: Blog Entry
---

Hey, so I actually wrote this last week, but I forgot to publish it!

Although I'm keeping up my current personal projects, my latest thing is getting into cloud projects. After reading a few medium blog posts, I decided to comb through job postings by looking at the critical skills listed. I then copied them all into a document and analysed it. From that, I found the skill that came up constantly was cloud skills. Basically, using one of the 3 cloud environments (Azure, Google and AWS). Naturally, I decided that I should do the projects I'd been planning for my portfolio on the cloud.

Although I have used the cloud before, I haven't used it too much and never really for project work. So this is really a learning process for me. Cloud environments from the outside are quite vast, and it's hard to know where to start! So I decided to use the book 'Data Science on the Google Cloud' as a walkthrough first before doing a unique project. As you can see from the book, I've also decided to use Google as the cloud. This is because it has a free trial, whereas AWS (The most popular) doesn't, and I can't afford any unforeseen bills! So the latest is that I'm working through a practice project on US flight data from the Google cloud book at the moment.

I'm also trying out Databricks, but I'm trying not to take on too much, so I'm just playing around with it so far.

